Not constructor arguments are allowed in static classes (#14512)
dotnet/fsharp: src/Compiler/FSComp.txt

3548,matchNotAllowedForUnionCaseWithNoData,"Pattern discard is not allowed for union case that takes no data."
3549,tcSynTypeOrInvalidInDeclaration,"SynType.Or is not permitted in this declaration"
3550,chkDuplicatedMethodParameter,"Duplicate parameter. The parameter '%s' has been used more that once in this method."
featureEscapeBracesInFormattableString,"Escapes curly braces before calling FormattableStringFactory.Create when interpolated string literal is typed as FormattableString"
3551,buildDuplicateFile,"The source file '%s' (at position %d/%d) already appeared in the compilation list (at position %d/%d). Please verify that it is included only once in the project file."

> 3552,chkConstructorWithArgumentsOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. constructor with arguments is not allowed."
> 3553,chkAdditionalConstructorOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. additional constructor is not allowed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3552,chkConstructorWithArgumentsOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Constructor with arguments is not allowed."
3553,chkAdditionalConstructorOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Additional constructor is not allowed."
```
Capitalize start of sentence.

3549,tcSynTypeOrInvalidInDeclaration,"SynType.Or is not permitted in this declaration"
3550,chkDuplicatedMethodParameter,"Duplicate parameter. The parameter '%s' has been used more that once in this method."
featureEscapeBracesInFormattableString,"Escapes curly braces before calling FormattableStringFactory.Create when interpolated string literal is typed as FormattableString"
3551,buildDuplicateFile,"The source file '%s' (at position %d/%d) already appeared in the compilation list (at position %d/%d). Please verify that it is included only once in the project file."

> 3552,chkErrorOnStaticClasses,"if a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] it means it is static. No %s allowed"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3552,chkErrorOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. %s is not allowed."
```

Author: I have updated to use 2 different error numbers so this is not longer the case :)
